# Instagram_Bot
Video Demo Link: https://youtu.be/uastACfie3c
This python script utilizes the selenium framework to log into Instagram with your login credentials and like photos based on a given search key. At the top of the code you will notice four global variables. The PATH variable tells the program where your chromedriver.exe file is saved on your system which selenium needs in order to run Chrome, my_username is the username of the instagram account you would like to log in to, my_password is the associated password, and my_search is the search tag you want your bot to search with when its looking for posts to like related to that tag. The class for the bot contains a constructer and one method that is called to start liking posts. The constructor opens up Instagram, logs into the account, and clicks through a pop-up window that appears when you log into Instagram. The method "like_pictures" will input you search key into the Instagram search bar and click the first tag related to your search that pops up. It will then scroll through the page for a certain predefined range and collect the urls of the posts it sees that contain the tag you wanted to search. These links are stored in a list and then opened iteratively by the method, and in each iteration the like button is pressed. In order to avoid hitting Instagram’s like limit the program sleeps for 20 seconds after each like. This type of program is useful for someone that wants to build their Instagram account automatically, without having to go through the cumbersome experience of liking hundreds of posts manually. Let’s say you run a fitness page; one method of growing this page is going around liking tons of posts that relate to your niche, and in theory getting follow backs from this process. With this script, you can simply input the keyword “fitness” or something related, and that process will be automated for you. 

